Mrs. Lin, congratulations. Congratulations!
Your husband Yunhao has completed it.
Governor of the Western District
In the future, please take care of us a lot
Hahaha, right?
When will the Yunnan people finish fighting?
I brought a friend here today
Just to learn from Lord Yun
These are false names
My husband has something to deal with and will come in a while.
Yo Yun Shao
Today is your dad's promotion party
Why are you so late?
Deal with something
Meet a location
Your father is about to become the governor of the Northwest
Who dares to welcome you to a wedding in this place in the northwest?
I'm really curious
Yeah, what's my dad?
I have nothing to fear
Hey go away go away
I'm still drinking here at my dad's promotion party
Okay, okay, don't go on this tonight
We might as well have some fun together
This little flower misses you very much
Hahaha ok
It's good at night, hahaha.
What are you listening to?
You die